[Music]
hey you yeah you are you already a
master of logic or do you need to beef
up your analytical thinking well try
these riddles to find out keep track of
how many you get right your results
await at the end of this challenge off
we go
number one Sam and his brother John were
always fighting their mom couldn't take
it any longer and came up with a clever
plan to stop them
she told the boys to stand on the same
piece of paper in such a way that they
didn't touch each other and it worked
the boys couldn't fight anymore
how did she do it the woman slipped the
paper under a closed door and made Sam
stand on one side and John on the other
two two planes took off at the same
moment when departed from New York and
headed for Paris and the other left
Paris and flew to New York the first
plane speed was 650 miles per hour and
the other one was going 700 miles per
hour which plane was closer to Paris
when they met over the Atlantic they
were both the same distance from Paris
since they met in the same place three
what always goes up when it rains an
umbrella for one day a teacher decided
to give her students a test but all of
them refused to take it she could give
detention for skipping the test - only
one student all of them knew each
other's names if a student knew they
were going to get detention they agreed
to take the test how could the teacher
make all of the students take it
she told them she'd give detention to
the student whose name came first
alphabetically then this person wouldn't
skip the test the next person on the
list wouldn't skip as well and so on
until the end of the list five you have
two coins that together make 35 cents
and one of the coins isn't a dime what
are these two coins a dime and a quarter
huh if one of the coins isn't a dime
then the other is six there's a barrel
full of water in the yard you look
inside and say that it's more than
half-full but your friend argues that
it's less than half-full how can you
figure out who's right without using any
measuring tools or removing water from
the barrel tilt the barrel so that the
water touches its rim if you can see the
bottom the barrels less than half-full
if the bottom is still covered with
water it's more seven a blind man comes
into an electronics store and wants to
buy a cell phone there are lots of
gadgets on the shelves but the man can't
see them and still 10 minutes later he
leaves the store with a very phone model
he'd wanted how did he manage it
[Music]
the man was blind not mute he just asked
a shop assistant to sell him the phone
he was after eight James escaped from
prison and ran for the countryside
suddenly on a small deserted road he saw
a police car heading right at him James
ran toward the car for some time then
turned and rushed into the woods why did
he run toward the car first James was in
the middle of a bridge when he saw the
car he had to run toward the vehicle to
get off the bridge 9 can you make 1,000
by using only 8 8 in addition 888 + 88 +
8 + 8 + 8 equals 1010 two people who
have never seen each other before meet
at a store start a conversation and go
for a walk in the park one of them is
the father of the others daughter how is
all this possible
[Music]
they're a couple both blind from birth
so they've indeed never seen each other
11 your company produces shoes and has
two factories in different cities the
workers in both plants steal shoes you
can't use any additional security but
you have to stop the theft how can you
do it one factory should start making
only left shoes and the other only right
once twelve a person spent three days in
the hospital and was perfectly healthy
and still they had to be carried away
while leaving why it was a newborn baby
13 take nine from 6-10 from nine and
fifty from 40 so that you are left with
6 6 - 9 i x equals s 9 i x - 10 x equals
i 40 XL minus 50 l equals x now you see
14 there are six glasses in a row on the
table the first three are filled with
orange juice and the other three are
empty because well I drank them oops
your task is to make full and empty
glasses alternate by moving just one
glass how can you do it
[Music]
take the second glass and pour the juice
into the fifth glass
fifteen find a way to get 200 out of 188
by using just one lie use the line to
cut 188 horizontally this way you'll get
to 116 one person was 25 years old in
2000 and 20 years old in 2005 how is
this possible this person lived in BCE
times 17 can you give someone $63
without using a $1 bill easily 50 plus 5
plus 2 plus 2 plus 2 plus 2 equals $63
18 let's imagine you don't know what an
elephant looks like one day you're going
on a safari to watch animals with your
friends one of them points at a rhino
and tells you it's an elephant the other
shows you a hippo and claims that it's
an elephant who will you believe and why
[Music]
the task was to imagine that you didn't
know what an elephant looked like not
that you didn't know what a hippo and a
rhino are it means you won't believe
either of your friends 19 Michael Adams
who this light would pass for art in
modern times rushed into the city
gallery and caused millions of dollars
worth of damage to several paintings yet
the manager of the gallery thanked mr.
Adams for his actions
how come
[Music]
Michael was a firefighter the water from
his hose damaged several masterpieces
but he still managed to extinguish the
fire and save many more exhibits 21 man
went to his friend's party and told his
wife he'd be back before sunrise he
shaved and left home he returned as
promised before sunrise but he was
sporting a long thick beard how come the
man and his wife lived in a place with
polar nights that can last for several
months 21 when you look for something
you'll always find it in the last place
you search why so it's always the last
place you look because after this you
don't need to continue your search 22 an
egg has to fall 100 feet but you can't
let it break you can't slow down its
fall or cushion its landing how can you
do it drop the egg from a height greater
than 100 feet and it won't break for the
first 100 feet 23 yr pianos so hard to
open well the keys are inside 24
newlyweds left for their honeymoon and
asked their neighbor to look after their
house when they returned the woman found
out that she'd lost all her expensive
jewelry because of a power outage
the woman had hidden her jewelry in a
supposed safe place the house wasn't
robbed the neighbor was an honest person
the jewelry got lost on accident what
happened
the wife hid her jewelry in the freezer
in a bag with frozen food after the
power failure all the food spoil the
kind-hearted neighbor decided to help
and threw away all the bad food together
with the jewelry 25 what is as big as a
mountain but weighs nothing the
mountains shadow and now let's see how
good you are in cracking riddles if your
score is 0 to 5 correct answers
you're still a riddle newbie you've got
a lot of practicing to do 6 to 10 solve
puzzles your level is sophomore not the
worst but you could get better 11 to 15
riddles you're a competent when it comes
to analytical thinking right smack in
the middle 16 to 20 correct answers
you're proficient in riddle solving
you're almost at the top
keep practicing 20 to 25 you're the
master of riddles you should be proud
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and Cheer
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of